Portland 2019 CFP reminder and ticket sales blog post (#761)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2019/news/cfp-reminder.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: January 7, 2019
   :tags: portland-2019, website, cfp, tickets

CFP Reminder & Tickets on Sale
==============================

Happy New Year, fellow documentarians!

> As we get ready to start the year, we're happy to share the latest update about the Portlant conference. We are extending our `call for proposals <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/cfp/>`_ until **January 31st**, and `tickets for the conference are officially on sale <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/tickets/>`_. Read on for more details on both!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we get ready to start the year, we're happy to share the latest update about the Portland conference. We are extending our `call for proposals <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/cfp/>`_ until **January 31st**, and `tickets for the conference are officially on sale <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/tickets/>`_. Read on for more details on both!
```

Submit your talk by January 31st
--------------------------------

As we are aware that many documentarians were away for the holidays, we'd like to give everyone an opportunity to submit their talks.
The Call for Proposals will remain open until **Thursday, January 31st at midnight PST**. Check out the `CFP page <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/cfp/#submit-your-proposal>`_ for more details about what we are looking for and how to submit your proposal.

> And if you've already got an idea, but you’re having a hard time getting your proposal to come together, you can always ask for feedback on the `WTD Slack <http://www.writethedocs.org/slack/>`_. The community is there to help!

Reviewer 2: Seems odd to link to the page about slack rather than the slack itself.

Author: I like this actually, since it introduces people to Slack if they don't have it (assuming that people who are already on our Slack won't click the link)

Reviewer 2: Not sure I agree with the assumption, but sure. :-)

Reviewer 3: If we link directly to the slack, people who aren't members can't sign up, which is a shit experience.

> As always, we're eagerly looking forward to `your submissions <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/cfp/#submit-your-proposal>`_! We’ll be reviewing all the talk proposals in early February, and will be contacting speakers by mid-February.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As always, we're eagerly looking forward to `your submissions <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/cfp/#submit-your-proposal>`_! We’ll be reviewing all the talk proposals early February, and will be contacting everyone who submitted a proposal mid-February.
```

Reviewer 2: And I reckon we need a specific date here.

Get your ticket for the conference
----------------------------------

**The Portland conference will be returning to the Crystal Ballroom on May 19-21, 2019.** The `full event website <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/>`_ is live, with some preliminary details, and we'll be filling in more as it gets closer. We're already excited to see what this year has in store!

> If you're excited too, go ahead and `register for your ticket now <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/>`_! For the past several years the conference has sold out, so we highly recommend to buy early and reserve your spot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're excited too, go ahead and `register for your ticket now <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/>`_! For the past several years the conference has sold out, so we highly recommend buying early and reserving your spot.
```

> If you're excited too, go ahead and `register for your ticket now <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/>`_! For the past several years the conference has sold out, so we highly recommend buying early and reserving your spot.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're excited too, go ahead and `register for your ticket now <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/tickets/>`_! For the past several years the conference has sold out, so we highly recommend buying early and reserving your spot.
```

> **Please make sure to register for your ticket before you book your travel!** We cannot be responsible for any non-refundable travel costs, and if we reach capacity at the venue before you register, we cannot guarantee a spot for you, even if you booked your travel.

Reviewer 2: :100:

Reviewer 3: Like this will stop them. 😆

Support our community by sponsoring
-----------------------------------

Every year we are fortunate to have the support of like-minded organizations and communities, who believe in the collaborative and welcoming community spirit and help us make our events more awesome.

If your company is interested in sponsoring one or more conferences, check out `our prospectus for details on the different packages <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/sponsors/prospectus/>`_ and drop us a line at `sponsorship@writethedocs.org <mailto:sponsorship@writethedocs.org>`_

> Follwing the successful launch in 2018, this year we will run the `job fair <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/job-fair/>`_ again, helping documentarians and organizations connect with each other. Check out the sponsorship prospectus for more details.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Following the successful launch in 2018, this year we will run the `job fair <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2019/job-fair/>`_ again, helping documentarians and organizations connect with each other. Check out the sponsorship prospectus for more details.
```
